# assignment_4_spring26

Welcome to **Assignment 4**. Please read the instructions below carefully before beginning your work.

---

## Getting Started

1. Accept the GitHub Classroom invitation for Assignment 4, via your registered email.  
2. **Clone the repository** to your local machine.  
3. Open the project in RStudio and complete the assignment in the provided files.
4. Rename the starter `.qmd` file by adding your name.
5. In addition to pushing your completed work to GitHub, you must also upload a copy of your rendered assignment (HTML or PDF) to Canvas. 

---

## Working Through the Assignment

- Complete each question in order.  
- If a question is divided into multiple parts, complete **each part separately**.  
- After finishing a question (or each part of a question), you must:
  - **commit your work** with a clear, descriptive commit message  
  - **push your changes** to GitHub  

Frequent, incremental commits are expected and will be part of the grading criteria.

You need to have at least 5 commits

---

## Submitting Your Work

Your final submission 03/01/2026  11:59 PM EST.   
Make sure all work is committed and pushed and rendered before the due date.

---

## Collaboration and Academic Integrity

You may **discuss ideas** with your classmates in this course.

However:

- You **may not copy** code or written answers from another student.  
- You **may not share your code** with classmates.  
- You **may not copy** solutions generated by AI tools.  
- All submitted work must be **your own**.

If two or more submissions contain identical or nearly identical work, **all involved students will receive a score of 0** for the assignment.

---

##  Need Help

If you have questions about the assignment, GitHub workflow, or R code, please reach out early to TA and I.

